Document Find and Replace bulk action for Contacts and Companies (#750)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/contacts/manage_contacts.rst

Reviewer: Remove this along with the excess blank lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this feature to quickly update large volumes of Contacts, but if you need to change more than a few hundred Contacts at a time, it's better to use a Campaign - for example, add the Contacts to a Segment, then run a Campaign to trigger the change.
```

Reviewer: - Add extra space before the image.

```suggestion
|

.. image:: images/batch-actions.png
:width: 200
:align: center
:alt: Screenshot of Contact Batch actions

|
```

- Replace the image with this:

<img width="2084" height="1034" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e18008c7-4592-4f98-a67d-62e22614f41d" />

- Replace the alt text with a descriptive one. Don't start with "Screenshot of" or alike.

Reviewer: Remove this line.

Reviewer: Can you please invetigate the codebase to confirm that this option is no longer available? I don't see this option anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Change Channels** - Allows you to subscribe/unsubscribe the selected Contacts to/from communication Channels, such as Email and SMS, and also define frequency rules.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Change Owner** - Allows you to assign/unassign the selected Contacts to/from an owner.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Change Segments** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Segments. Note that if you add/remove a Contact to/from Segment manually, then Segment filters won't apply for them in that particular Segment.
```

|

Batch changes
=============

You can use this feature to quickly update large volumes of Contacts, but if you need to change more than a few hundred Contacts at a time, it's better to use a Campaign - for example, add the Contacts to a Segment, then run a Campaign to trigger the change.

To apply changes to several Contacts at once, select the checkboxes next to the Contact names. A selection bar appears at the top of the table, showing **Delete selected**, **Export to CSV**, and a three-dot icon for more options.

|

.. image:: images/batch_actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contacts list with two Contacts selected and the three-dot batch actions menu open, listing options such as Change Campaigns, Export to Excel, and Find and Replace

|

You can find the following options:

> * **Change Campaigns** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Campaigns.

Reviewer: Wrap the whole options list in vale off/on statements.

|

Batch changes
=============

> To apply changes to several Contacts at once, select the checkboxes next to the Contact names. A selection bar appears at the top of the table, showing **Delete selected**, **Export to CSV**, and a three-dot icon for more options.

Reviewer: - Move the image `batch-actions.png` after this paragraph.
- Rename it to `batch_actions.png`.

> You can use this feature to quickly update large volumes of Contacts, but if you need to change more than a few hundred Contacts at a time, it's better to use a Campaign - for example, add the Contacts to a Segment, then run a Campaign to trigger the change.

Reviewer: Move this to the top, as the first paragraph.

|

.. image:: images/batch-actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contacts list with two Contacts selected and the three-dot batch actions menu open, listing options such as Change Campaigns, Export to Excel, and Find and Replace

|

> * **Change Campaigns** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the following options:

* **Change Campaigns** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Campaigns.
```

|

Batch changes
=============

To apply changes to several Contacts at once, select the checkboxes next to the Contact names. A selection bar appears at the top of the table, showing **Delete selected**, **Export to CSV**, and a three-dot icon for more options.

You can use this feature to quickly update large volumes of Contacts, but if you need to change more than a few hundred Contacts at a time, it's better to use a Campaign - for example, add the Contacts to a Segment, then run a Campaign to trigger the change.

|

.. image:: images/batch-actions.png

>    :width: 200

Reviewer: Current width is too small.

```suggestion
   :width: 600
```

>    :width: 600

Reviewer: I think we can just remove the width and use the original size for this image.

* **Change Owner** - Allows you to assign/unassign the selected Contacts to/from an owner.

* **Change Segments** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Segments. Note that if you add/remove a Contact to/from Segment manually, then Segment filters won't apply for them in that particular Segment.

* **Change Stages** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from a specified Stage.

* **Change Tags** - Allows you to add or remove multiple Tags across the selected Contacts in a single action. Selecting this option opens a modal with 'Add tags' and 'Remove tags' fields, where you can select existing Tags or type a new one to create it inline. You see this action only when an administrator turns on the Tag Manager Plugin and grants your User the Contacts **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** permission together with the Tag Manager **View** permission.

* **Export to Excel** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to Excel.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

>    #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Choose the **Contact field** to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
```

   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  Find and Replace updates only Contacts that match the **Find value**. Both **Find value** and **Replace with** are case sensitive, so the value you enter must match the stored value exactly. For example, if you find and replace on the Country field, entering 'United states' or 'united states' changes nothing - you must enter 'United States'.

>   Find and Replace updates all Contacts that match your current search when you don't select any checkboxes. To limit the change to specific Contacts, select their checkboxes first. You can also run Find and Replace without selecting any rows from the list view: click the gear icon at the top of the table to open the **Options**, then select **Find and Replace**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To update all Contacts with a specific find and replace value, you don't need to select any checkboxes. In the Contacts list table:

   #. Click the gear icon at the top of the table to open **Options**.
   #. Select **Find and Replace**.
   #. Choose the **Contact field** to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.
```

This applies to Companies too.

* **Change Owner** - Allows you to assign/unassign the selected Contacts to/from an owner.

* **Change Segments** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Segments. Note that if you add/remove a Contact to/from Segment manually, then Segment filters won't apply for them in that particular Segment.

* **Change Stages** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from a specified Stage.

* **Change Tags** - Allows you to add or remove multiple Tags across the selected Contacts in a single action. Selecting this option opens a modal with 'Add tags' and 'Remove tags' fields, where you can select existing Tags or type a new one to create it inline. You see this action only when an administrator turns on the Tag Manager Plugin and grants your User the Contacts **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** permission together with the Tag Manager **View** permission.

* **Export to Excel** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to Excel.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

>    #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.

Reviewer: Remove this. We've mentioned this step at the second paragraph.

Apply this as well for Companies.

   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

>   Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

Reviewer: We need to briefly inform that 'Find value' and 'Replace with' is case sensitive. For example, if users choose Country field to find and replace, entering 'United states' or 'united states' won't change anything. It should be 'United States'.

This also applied to Companies find and replace.

>   You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table to open the **Options**, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

Reviewer: We need to clear this up. When users using find and replace without selecting any checkbox, Mautic will find and replace **all** Contacts that match with values given.

If users want to find and replace specific Contacts, then they should select the Contacts they want to replace by selecting the checkboxes.

This also applies to Companies.

  To update all Contacts with a specific find and replace value, you don't need to select any checkboxes. In the Contacts list table:

   #. Click the gear icon at the top of the table to open **Options**.
   #. Select **Find and Replace**.
   #. Choose the **Contact field** to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  |

  .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png
     :alt: Contacts list view with the gear icon menu open, showing the Find and Replace option

  |

  .. note::

     To use **Find and Replace**, Users need these Role permissions under **Contacts**:

     * View permission - **View Own** or **View Others**
     * Edit permission - **Edit Own** or **Edit Others**

       Users with only **Edit Own** can update Contacts they own, and those with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.

* **Set Do Not Contact (DNC)** - Sets all selected Contacts as DNC for the Email Channel and allows you to enter a custom reason explaining why you unsubscribed them.

.. vale on

> If you need to delete large numbers of Contacts, visit the :doc:`segment docs</segments/manage_segments>` which explains how to delete thousands of Contacts easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

If you need to delete large numbers of Contacts, visit the :doc:`Segments</segments/manage_segments>` page, which explains how to delete thousands of Contacts.

.. vale on
```

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss I just changed the wording slightly here.

|

Batch changes
=============

You can use this feature to quickly update large volumes of Contacts, but if you need to change more than a few hundred Contacts at a time, it's better to use a Campaign - for example, add the Contacts to a Segment, then run a Campaign to trigger the change.

To apply changes to several Contacts at once, select the checkboxes next to the Contact names. A selection bar appears at the top of the table, showing **Delete selected**, **Export to CSV**, and a three-dot icon for more options.

|

.. image:: images/batch_actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contacts list with two Contacts selected and the three-dot batch actions menu open, listing options such as Change Campaigns, Export to Excel, and Find and Replace

> |

Reviewer: Remove the space.

```suggestion
.. image:: images/batch_actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contacts list with two Contacts selected and the three-dot batch actions menu open, listing options such as Change Campaigns, Export to Excel, and Find and Replace.
```

You can find the following options:

.. vale off

* **Change Campaigns** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Campaigns.

* **Change Categories** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from global Categories.

* **Change Channels** - Allows you to subscribe/unsubscribe the selected Contacts to/from communication Channels, such as Email and SMS, and also define frequency rules.

* **Change Owner** - Allows you to assign/unassign the selected Contacts to/from an owner.

* **Change Segments** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from Segments. Note that if you add/remove a Contact to/from Segment manually, then Segment filters won't apply for them in that particular Segment.

* **Change Stages** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from a specified Stage.

> * **Change Tags** - Allows you to add or remove multiple Tags across the selected Contacts in a single action. Selecting this option opens a modal with 'Add tags' and 'Remove tags' fields, where you can select existing Tags or type a new one to create it inline. You see this action only when an administrator turns on the Tag Manager Plugin and grants your User the Contacts **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** permission together with the Tag Manager **View** permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Change Tags** - Allows you to add or remove multiple Tags across the selected Contacts in a single action. Selecting this option opens a dialog with 'Add tags' and 'Remove tags' fields, where you can select existing Tags or type a new one to create it inline. You see this option only when an administrator turns on the Tag Manager Plugin and grants your User the Contacts **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** permission together with the Tag Manager **View** permission.
```

|

Batch changes
=============

You can use this feature to quickly update large volumes of Contacts, but if you need to change more than a few hundred Contacts at a time, it's better to use a Campaign - for example, add the Contacts to a Segment, then run a Campaign to trigger the change.

To apply changes to several Contacts at once, select the checkboxes next to the Contact names. A selection bar appears at the top of the table, showing **Delete selected**, **Export to CSV**, and a three-dot icon for more options.

|

.. image:: images/batch_actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contacts list with two Contacts selected and the three-dot batch actions menu open, listing options such as Change Campaigns, Export to Excel, and Find and Replace.

> |

Reviewer: Remove the space.

```suggestion
.. image:: images/batch_actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contacts list with two Contacts selected and the three-dot batch actions menu open, listing options such as Change Campaigns, Export to Excel, and Find and Replace.
```

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Choose the **Contact field** to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  Find and Replace updates only Contacts that match the **Find value**. Both **Find value** and **Replace with** are case sensitive, so the value you enter must match the stored value exactly. For example, if you find and replace on the Country field, entering 'United states' or 'united states' changes nothing - you must enter 'United States'.

  .. note::

     To use **Find and Replace**, Users need these Role permissions under **Contacts**:

     * View permission - **View Own** or **View Others**
     * Edit permission - **Edit Own** or **Edit Others**

       Users with only **Edit Own** can update Contacts they own, and those with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.

* **Set Do Not Contact (DNC)** - Sets all selected Contacts as DNC for the Email Channel and allows you to enter a custom reason explaining why you unsubscribed them.

> If you need to delete large numbers of Contacts, visit the :doc:`Segments</segments/manage_segments>` page, which explains how to delete thousands of Contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to delete large numbers of Contacts, visit the :doc:`Segments</segments/manage_segments>` page.
```

> Find and Replace for all Contacts
> ---------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

Find and Replace for all Contacts
---------------------------------

.. vale on
```

Batch actions

> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch changes
=============
```

> To update several Contacts at once, select them using the checkboxes. A toolbar appears above the table with a three-dot menu listing the available batch actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update several Contacts at once, select them using the checkboxes. A toolbar appears at the top of the table with a three-dot menu listing the available batch actions.
```

> To update several Contacts at once, select them using the checkboxes. A toolbar appears at the top of the table with a three-dot menu listing the available batch actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply changes to several Contacts at once, select the checkboxes next to the Contact names. A selection bar appears at the top of the table, showing **Delete selected**, **Export to CSV**,  and a three-dot icon for more options.
```

* **Change Stages** - Allows you to add/remove the selected Contacts to/from a specified Stage.

* **Change Tags** - Allows you to add or remove multiple Tags across the selected Contacts in a single action. Selecting this option opens a modal with 'Add tags' and 'Remove tags' fields, where you can select existing Tags or type a new one to create it inline. You see this action only when an administrator turns on the Tag Manager Plugin and grants your User the Contacts **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** permission together with the Tag Manager **View** permission.

* **Export to Excel** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to Excel.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

>   You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table to open the **Options**, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.
```

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

  You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table to open the **Options**, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

  |

  .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png
     :alt: Contacts list view with the gear icon menu open, showing the Find and Replace option

  |

  .. note::

     To use **Find and Replace**, Users need these Role permissions under **Contacts**:

     * View permission - **View Own** or **View Others**
     * Edit permission - **Edit Own** or **Edit Others**

       Users with only **Edit Own** can update Contacts they own, and those with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.

> * **Set Do Not Contact (DNC)** - This action sets all selected Contacts as DNC for the Email Channel, and it allows you to provide a custom message as "reason" for why the Contacts were manually unsubscribed by a Mautic User.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Set Do Not Contact (DNC)** - Sets all selected Contacts as DNC for the Email Channel and allows you to enter a custom reason explaining why you unsubscribed them.
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a missing action: Change Tags. Investigate the codebase and add explanation about this action.

> * **Export** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to CSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Export to Excel** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to Excel.
```

* **Export** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to CSV.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

   Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

   You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

> 

Reviewer: Add this image:

<img width="2074" height="753" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f29af696-a04d-4edf-afb4-c228b7987a68" />

- Add space before and after image.
- Use underscore to split the words when naming the image
- Add a descriptive alt text. Don't start with "Screenshot of" or anything similar.

   .. note::

>       You need edit permissions to use Find and Replace. Users with the **Edit Own** permission under **Contacts** can update Contacts they own. Users with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.

Reviewer: Please check the code changes on the code PR and confirm the below suggestion. If it's correct, use this suggestion.

```suggestion
      To use **Find and Replace**, Users need a View permission - **View Own** or **View Others** - and an Edit permission - **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** - under **Contacts**. Users with only **Edit Own** can update Contacts they own. Users with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.
```

* **Export** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to CSV.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

   Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

   You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

   .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png
      :width: 600

>       :alt: Contacts list view with the gear icon menu open, showing the Find and Replace option

Reviewer: Give spaces before and after the image.

```suggestion
   |

   .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png
      :width: 600
      :alt: Contacts list view with the gear icon menu open, showing the Find and Replace option
      
   |
```

* **Export** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to CSV.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

> 
>    Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.
> 
>    You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.
> 
>    |
> 
>    .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png
>       :width: 600
>       :alt: Contacts list view with the gear icon menu open, showing the Find and Replace option
> 
>    |
> 
>    .. note::
> 
>       To use **Find and Replace**, Users need a View permission - **View Own** or **View Others** - and an Edit permission - **Edit Own** or **Edit Others** - under **Contacts**. Users with only **Edit Own** can update Contacts they own. Users with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.
> 

Reviewer: Fix the indentations and structure.

```suggestion
* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

  You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

  |
  
  .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png
     :width: 600
     :alt: Contacts list view with the gear icon menu open, showing the Find and Replace option
      
  |
   
  .. note::

     To use **Find and Replace**, Users need these Role permissions under **Contacts**:
     
     * View permission - **View Own** or **View Others**
     * Edit permission - **Edit Own** or **Edit Others**
      
       Users with only **Edit Own** can update Contacts they own, and those with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.
```

* **Export** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to CSV.

* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.

  Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.

  You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon at the top of the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

  |

  .. image:: images/contacts_find_and_replace_list_view.png

>      :width: 600

Reviewer: Remove the width.

* **Export** - Allows you to export selected Contacts to CSV.

> * **Find and Replace** - Updates field values across selected Contacts by finding a specific value and replacing it with a new one. Select a Contact field, enter the value to find, and specify the replacement value. Only Contacts with the matching field value receive the update.

Author: Added Find and Replace bulk action documentation based on [PR #16207](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16207) which introduces `batchFindReplaceAction` in `LeadController.php` and `CompanyController.php`. The PR adds a new `FindReplaceType` form and `CustomFieldFindReplace` service for this feature.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16207

> * **Find and Replace** - Updates field values across selected Contacts by finding a specific value and replacing it with a new one. Select a Contact field, enter the value to find, and specify the replacement value. Only Contacts with the matching field value receive the update.

Reviewer: There are a coupke of things:

- We can move the last paragraph and note admonition here to keep the flow.
- Use the UI term instead of code. General users don't understand about the code.

```suggestion
* **Find and Replace** - Replaces a value in a chosen field across all selected Contacts.

   #. Click the three-dot icon to open this option.
   #. Choose the Contact field to update. Search or scroll to find it in the list.
   #. Enter the value to find in **Find value**.
   #. Enter the new value in **Replace with**.
   
   Only Contacts that match the **Find value** get updated.
   
   You can also use this option without selecting any rows. Click the gear icon above the table, then select **Find and Replace**. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

  .. note::

     You need edit permissions to use Find and Replace. Users with the **Edit Own** permission under **Contacts** can update Contacts they own. Users with **Edit Others** can update any Contact.
```

* **Set Do Not Contact (DNC)** - This action sets all selected Contacts as DNC for the Email Channel, and it allows you to provide a custom message as "reason" for why the Contacts were manually unsubscribed by a Mautic User.

* **Delete Selected (batch delete)** - The batch delete action in the Contact table allows the deletion of up to 100 Contacts at a time. This limit is there as a performance precaution, since deleting more Contacts at a time could cause performance degradation issues.

If you need to delete large numbers of Contacts, visit the :doc:`segment docs</segments/manage_segments>` which explains how to delete thousands of Contacts easily.

> You can also access Find and Replace from the page actions menu without selecting any rows. This applies the replacement to all Contacts matching your current search.

Reviewer: There are a couple of things here:

- Bold 'Find and Replace' as it's UI term.
- Use other word than 'page' to address Vale warning: [Mautic.FeatureList] Is this referring to a Mautic feature? If so, use 'Landing Page' instead of 'page'.

.. note::

>   You need edit permissions to use Find and Replace. Users with ``lead:leads:editown`` can update Contacts they own, while Users with ``lead:leads:editother`` can update any Contact.

Reviewer: Bold 'Finad and Replace'.

> 

Reviewer: We've folded this into the bullet point. So, remove this.
